Hello again.
Fantastic.
Got to people in this video, we're going to finish the tutorial and the game.
Done Dun done.
So what will it do?
We're going to animate that.
You toil gooey and then the game is ready to go.
So nice and simple.
Let's get into gutter and open our tutorial.
La, la, la.
And we've got to let you go.
Where's my girl?
That's right.
And we've got this lovely little tutorial.
Gilliams can open that scene.
And at the moment it's just staying there and the text is just changing.
But the player might not notice that something changed.
So I'll give an example if I start the tutorial.
And then I moved to the next objective is the tax change.
It was a sound effect, but nothing to draw the eye of the player down to this box.
So that's what going to do to do that.
I'm going to use an animation player.
Now we use a tween last time we used an animation play this time.
I'm using an animation player because the values are always going to be the same with a tween.
I don't know the start and all the end values.
So I'm going to have to choose between.
I do know them here.
So I'm just an easy animation player and I would encourage you to animate this however you want.
I am going to get rid of the text, resize this box.
So make it shrink, make it grow, and then put the text back with brand new text.
How do you do that?
Well, first one, it's not the new animation.
This message change.
Message change, and we need to add some tracks.
So let's go over to the label.
Very first thing to do.
Oh, you.
It change the length of, say, a half a second is pretty good.
And I want very small steps.
So let's zoom right in.
Great.
OK.
So first thing I want to change, I want to get rid of this text and that's going to happen.
I'd say immediately actually.
Yes.
Get rid of the text immediately.
So get rid the label and it's going to come back right here.
So at zero, it's at a key.
At zero point four five.
Let's put the visibility back at the key.
Let's see how that looks.
Some surprise play.
Right.
It occurs to me that we might need to see the text straight away.
More about that.
OK.
Looking good.
Now I want to resize my nine patch rectangles.
Here's one patch rectangle.
Now, it's not showing the key straight away.
So I'm going to go back to animation pledges and add new track.
And it's really a new property track, which is why I discovered in my patch rectangle pattern, I want
to change the Recht scale.
So to do two right size.
Right scale.
There it is.
Awesome.
Insert key right here.
Simon, insert a key here.
And that's my value of one one.
Great.
This in says another key in the middle.
And then click on that.
Make sure that selected.
And let's change the value to zero zero.
How's that look.
Yep, it vanishes.
Great.
And then back at zero point four five, it's inside a brand new key.
Make sure it's selected and put one one.
And let's see how that looks.
That looks pretty lovely.
OK.
I'm gonna make sure I leave the castle right at the end so I can see the text of the game begins.
So we save that.
And now you're back into a tutorial scene and open the script and I'm gonna for the animation right
here.
So let's tutorial animation player DOT play and we're playing message change.
Okay, let's see how that looks.
Opening tutorial, doo doo doo.
Look at that.
That looks pretty awesome through here,
down here.
Excellent.
Now, we could change the vision mode here.
Let's do that real quick.
I want to put vision mode back to normal.
When we go here, and that's gonna be pretty simple.
So going to enter the night vision objective.
So when we enter night vision objective, which is to do to do right here, I want to change vision
mode.
That's simple group code.
Let's find out that group.
Somebody go into night into vision mode and open.
That's.
And ticklers groups, it's an interface.
Fantastic.
So I'm just gonna go get tree dot core group.
Interface and what's the what's the actual thing we're calling the script the script.
We are calling.
Doc mode, I was gonna copy that and back into my tutorial script.
And let's see how that works.
As you wander through here.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
To adult into night vision, most I can see this wax.
I look at that, and that is a tutorial.
Now, there's a lot more we could add to it.
But in this video, we have finished Heisse mice's, which means I can show you this graphic array.
We have done some great stuff here.
We've taken basic templates.
We've expanded on them and inherited them so we can fit in as many different levels as we want.
We can make more, more and pieces and threats, more types of loot.
We have shown you how to build the tutorials.
They can expand it to show things like how to use the boxes and stuff like that.
This should give you the tools you need to make your top down stealth game as awesome as you like to
play with it.
Explore the possibilities.
Really push yourself to the limits and see what you can create because it's a really good backbone of
the game here.
Meanwhile, excellent work and we'll see you the next video.